Update docs to include drawPoints API.md (#13)
aws-amplify/maplibre-gl-js-amplify: API.md

#### Parameters

*   `url` **[string][7]** The function to use as a render function. This function accepts a single [Carmen GeoJSON][10] object as input and returns a string.
*   `resourceType` **[string][7]** The function to use as a render function. This function accepts a single [Carmen GeoJSON][10] object as input and returns a string.

Returns **RequestParameters** [https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/properties/#requestparameters][11]

## drawPoints

DrawPoints utility function for adding points to a map based on coordinate data or a FeatureCollection. Will add clustered points and styled markers by default with options for popups and other styles

### Parameters

*   `sourceName` **[String][7]** A user defined name used for determining the maplibre data source and the maplibre layers
*   `data` **([Array][12]\<Coordinate> | [Array][12]\<Feature>)** An array of coordinate data or GeoJSON Features used as the data source for maplibre

> *   `map` **maplibreMap** A maplibre map on which the points will be drawn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   `map` **maplibre-gl-js Map** A maplibre map on which the points will be drawn
```

*   `options` **[Object][13]** An object containing options for changing the styles and features of the points rendered to the map, see the options for more details on available settings

    *   `options.showCluster` **[String][7]** Determines whether or not points close together should be clustered into a single point (optional, default `true`)
    *   `options.clusterOptions` **[String][7]** Object for determining cluster options, see [ClusterOptions][14] for more details (optional, default `{}`)

>     *   `options.unclusteredOptions` **[String][7]** Object for determining cluster options, see [UnclusteredOptions][15] for more details (optional, default `{}`)

Reviewer: Is this accurate "Object for determining cluster options" here?

> *   `mapStyle` **[String][7]** A string containing the map style data used to draw this map

Reviewer: How is mapStyle used in the `drawPoints`?

Author: It is used for determining the default font set to use, I can add that to the comments.

> Returns **DrawPointsOutput** An object the string id's of the sources and layers used to draw the points to the map

Reviewer: We should expand this and talk about all the Ids created or returned.

[1]: #amplifymaplibrerequest
[2]: #parameters
[3]: #transformrequest
[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #drawpoints

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #properties

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[9]: #amplifymaplibrerequest

[10]: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/map/

[11]: https://github.com/mapbox/carmen/blob/master/carmen-geojson.md

[12]: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/properties/#requestparameters

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[15]: https://github.com/aws-amplify/maplibre-gl-js-amplify/blob/main/src/types.ts#L43

[16]: https://github.com/aws-amplify/maplibre-gl-js-amplify/blob/main/src/types.ts#L8

[17]: https://github.com/aws-amplify/maplibre-gl-js-amplify/blob/main/src/constants.ts#L8

[18]: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/sources/

[19]: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/style-spec/layers/

[20]: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/style-spec/layers/#symbol

[21]: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/style-spec/layers

> [22]: https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-geocoder

Reviewer 2: Why did this add all the extra returns, but not for the first 4 items?

### Parameters

*   `sourceName` **[String][8]** A user defined name used for determining the maplibre data source and the maplibre layers
*   `data` **([Array][13]\<Coordinate> | [Array][13]\<Feature>)** An array of coordinate data or GeoJSON Features used as the data source for maplibre
*   `map` **maplibre-gl-js-Map** A maplibre-gl-js [map][10] on which the points will be drawn
*   `options` **[Object][14]** An object containing options for changing the styles and features of the points rendered to the map, see the options for more details on available settings

    *   `options.showCluster` **[String][8]** Determines whether or not points close together should be clustered into a single point (optional, default `true`)
    *   `options.clusterOptions` **[String][8]** Object for determining cluster options, see [ClusterOptions][15] for more details (optional, default `{}`)
    *   `options.unclusteredOptions` **[String][8]** Object for determining unclustered point options, see [UnclusteredOptions][16] for more details (optional, default `{}`)

> *   `mapStyle` **[String][8]** The map style returned from Amplify Geo that is currently being used. This is used to determine the default fonts used by maplibre-gl-js.

Reviewer: It's still not clear to me from the description. Is this a required param?

Can we not retrieve it from the `maplibre-gl-js-map` instance?

Author: For now this is a required parameter when using `drawPoints` with Amazon location services maps.

The map style is referring to a string like `VectorEsriNavigation` which is not returned by maplibre's [getStyle](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/map/#map#getstyle)

### Properties

*   `sourceId` **[String][8]** 
*   `clusterLayerId` **[String][8]** 
*   `clusterSymbolLayerId` **[String][8]** 
*   `unclusteredLayerId` **[String][8]** 

> Returns **DrawPointsOutput** output An object containing the string id's of the sources and layers used to draw the points to the map. This includes the sourceId, clusterLayerId, clusterSymbolLayerId, unclusteredLayerId.

Reviewer: Should the properties be after the `DrawPointsOutput` definition? And possible a definition/comment for each of these Ids.

Author: Because of the way the documentation js works I can't get those properties to come after the `Return` section
